This video we'll look at some of the basic database management tasks required for VSE Hunter now and
the center server appliance version 6.5.
We have an embedded Wii postgresql database and this is simply a postgresql UL database that is customized
and optimized for the Center Right.
So it's a baked and database that is basically purpose built purely for the center.
And so now we don't really have to rely on any sort of external databases.
And of course the database is a critical piece of the center.
You know many many organizations have a team of dbspace that are focused on architecting and optimizing
databases.
And so there may be some hesitance to off load this database maintenance type task to Avies for.
But vendors made it very simple.
Right.
There's really not a lot of stuff that you have to think about when it comes to maintaining this database.
Very it's very straightforward very simple and easy to manage.
There are some tuning optimizations that kind of have happened behind the scenes here.
So where has defined higher default values for certain critical settings.
Some of the buffers and Checkpoint segments and other aspects of the database that optimally tune to
work as a database for V Center.
Right.
So it's not just a generic database.
It's a database that is purpose built to work as the ideal database for VSA under there we have a process
called vacuuming so the postscripts QOL databases require periodic maintenance known as vacuuming.
Vacuuming is used to recover or reuse disk space that was occupied by rows that have now been deleted
or to update data statistics for queries or to update the visibility maps.
So we have to do a periodic vacuuming process now.
Now baked right into the center.
There's actually an automated vacuuming process and so you can set up auto vacuuming and then you don't
really even have to think about this.
And of course one of the great things that are baked right into the center share of appliance as well
is the ability to natively backup and restore.
Right so we don't really even have to think about the database in that regard.
And if we're using the center server high availability all of the data that's in the database is going
to be synchronously replicated to to as standby the center instance.
Right so all that stuff like database clustering and mirroring and replication of data we don't even
have to think about that stuff when it comes to the center share of her appliance version 6.5.
We can simply set it up do the occasional vacuuming task or set it up to automatically happen and then
enable the center server high availability and that will handle all of the synchronous replication of
data for us.
And we don't even need to think about it.